welcome back 21 players remain in the
main event here at the Rio poker room
and look out chip leader Jaime Gold here
comes Allen Cunningham and one of the
outer tables
he has pocket aces he has rear aged
Kevin O'Donnell to put O'Donnell shorter
stack all in O'Donnell with pocket kings
contemplating the call Nicole and Adeem
O'Donnell will call and finds himself in
big trouble against the Aces and this is
just bad luck for O'Donnell he started
his hand with five and a half million
chips and it's likely to end it with no
chips he needs a lot of help
there's Cowboys left in this range
Cunningham in the process of gathering a
big chip stack to eventually challenge
Jamie Gould and now our flop it is Jack
Queen 8 in the Aces of Allen Cunningham
hold up no kings in there
O'Donnell one step closer to the door
and Cunningham may be one step closer to
Jamie Gould
turn card now is a six of blank for
O'Donnell down to his last card
well Kevin our dollar starts to pack up
he needs a king or he's done it's a coin
on the river and Alan Cunningham takes
this huge pot Kevin O'Donnell goes home
at 21st place a terrific main event for
him and a nice gesture as he gets his
chips to Alec Cunningham and the very
dangerous Alan Cunningham now over the
11 billion chip mark in this main event
now we have someone to take on Kevin
Aronson real estate investor from
Southern California and his first World
Series of Poker and the whole carts of
Jaime gold jak3 and he will fold I don't
know why falls he wins every handy place
the flops gonna be Jack Jack here
something like that it's Doug Kent with
King six offsuit can the youngest player
left in the main event at age 22 it's
gonna raise it up three times the big
blind to a hundred eighty thousand the
blinds are increased to 30,000 60,000
Brett Butler
ace queen offsuit I played with Rhett
Butler in an underground in Washington
DC 20 years ago if memory serves me I
believe it was a winner and I usually
was a loser they'll make the call super
LOD Friedman trying to get something
going today pocket knives might help now
I would never sit down with Prahlada in
the game 1 he's too good to I'd be
afraid he'd start rapping prologue will
make the call and so with his pocket
nines he has the lead with three players
going to the flop
and now the flop is five four seven
Friedman's nines are still best the
straight draw for Doug Kim Kim first to
act 450 pounds it's gonna bet it
that's a frisky bet just king high and a
draw Rhett Butler missed the flop
completely muscly will get out of the
hand
Freedmen's got those nines three under
cards on the board and he will make the
call Kim still needs some help as we go
forward now the turn card is an eighth
fills the straight for Kim that's a lot
of help in a hurry come all in :
Kim raises enough but Freedman all in
this is our degree all-in moment for
Ladas way behind and he will face
elimination if he makes the call does he
want to do it with his nines try LODs
macula instincts kind of turned upside
down by that Gold's Leslie saw a while
ago everything's a little out of whack
for him right now yeah anything you know
you could argue that maybe Kim shouldn't
have pushed all in maybe slow played his
straight but I think he's worried that
Khalid might be on a heart drawn he
wants to push him out and remember this
is for all of her Lots chips and Kim has
bet every step of the way
and for lots instincts working well he
will fold and dust Kim does earn the
degree checkmark and he's starting to
make a move
Kim over three million chips now in the
main event I'd love to get hot maybe win
a pot then I get real bolts and laughs
Jamie gold Friedman right sick it at all
slip away the degree all in movement is
brought to you by degrees for men
subjects men who take risks
the World Series of Poker just 26 years
old when he entered his first main event
to kid Stu Ungar defeated Doyle Brunson
and heads-up play at the final table and
won the championship he was like a
Mozart somebody who starts off at an
early age and just blossoms out and has
a natural gift for in 1981 hunger
repeated as champions
the kid became the comeback kid at 1997
he had complete command over everyone
and every bet every pot went through
Stewart
World Series of Poker
when you talk about tournaments I don't
think that was about ever a better term
the player in the history there's nobody
to ever beat me playing cause the only
BP was myself he didn't have longevity
for us to say what he was going to be I
wish we would have the years to find our
hunger was the kid when he won the big
one at age 26 a number of kids are left
in this field with a shot to be the
youngest world champion ever including
leaf force who's watching Geoffrey
lisandro who has pocket deuces up
against Luke Chung who's all-in with
Jack's lisandro alan cunningham and
prahlada freeman of three established
pros left in the field there comes the
flop downs
Queen eight six no help to Geoff
lisandro good news for Chung and
Geoffrey Sandra's gonna need a deuce at
some point to knock Chung out of here
and now the turn card is another Jack
and Chung hits a set and he wins it out
right as lissandra is drawing dead going
to the river
lissandra began the day in eighth place
is stuck in reverse he now is down to
2.6 million chips now we look at the
tournament update twenty players are
left the chip leader Jamie gold at
eighteen point six million chips to the
other outer table Richards Lee moved all
in with a bluff
he's up against the two aces of John
McGill now who's trying to decide how to
attack on Richards bet Richard Lee knows
he's bluffing League doesn't know he's
drawing very dead if he's called by
McGill so a very bold move after the
turf of Richard Lee his family knew what
he was doing he a little more nervous
the Elise move again indicative of
incredible aggressive and reckless play
here and McGill is gonna call thankful
almost five and a half million chips at
stake Richard Lee turns over his bluff
almost ashamed to show his cards and Lee
does believe he is eliminated but as it
turns out lon he does have McGill
covered so Lee's not going anywhere he's
gonna be able to sit down again no joy
in the Richard Lee rooting section on
the river card will come out it's
meaningless it's a four McGill indeed
wins the hand and he will double up to
almost five and a half million chips on
the other side of the coin Richard Lee
is left with five hundred fifty thousand
Twain back when Richard Lee says the
turn he actually means the flop back in
the old days the flop was called the
turn
all right let's rejoin our feature table
at this World Series of Poker